# BURGS MARCO: Multi-Agent Reactive Code Optimizer
This software can be used to optimize code by applying specific techniques to improve memory usage and increase code efficiency. We have developed it to be used to optimize matrix multiplication code, but it can be used on many different types of code. A second agent works with the code optimizer agent to document and test the validity of the code generated by the code optimizing agent. 

## Features

The coding agent can enhance users' code. This can include more efficient algorithms, better libraries, and better coding practices. 
The testing/documenting agent will take the code that the optimizer agent gave them and try to look for errors and add in needed documentation. 

## Usage

Users can input their code directly into the provided text box.
The program will generate multiple optimized versions applying different improvement techniques, based on the amount of iterations the user has chosen 1-5. 
Each optimized version will be passed to the testing/documenting agent for validation. 
Results display the iterations of the code and a description of what was changed. 

## Setup

Clone the repo from the MARCO github
Install required dependencies using the provided requirements.txt file
Launch the agent by running: streamlit run agent.py
Configure OpenAI API key in a .env file 
Optional: Switch to alternative model providers (Anthropic, etc.) that have Langchain integration by referencing https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/providers/
Note: Some integrations may be outdated or require code modifications# SVDOptimizer
# SVDOptimizer
